---
title: P6 Headphones Review
layout: page
permalink: "p6"

type: "YouTube Video"
timeframe: "July 2017"

displayTitle: P6 Headphones Review (2017)
topStrip: video case study
description: "8-minute YouTube video review of the Sound Intone P6 headphones."

slider-custom-extensions: true

cine-slider:
  - cine1.mp4
  - cine2.jpg
  - cine7.jpg
  - cine8.jpg
  - cine6.jpg
  - cine3.jpg
  - cine5.jpg

mograph-slider:
  - motion2.mp4
  - motion3.mp4
  - motion1.mp4
  - motion4.mp4

color-slider:
  - color-1-2.jpg
  - color-1-1.jpg
  - color-2-2.jpg
  - color-2-1.jpg
  - color-3-1.jpg
  - color-3-2.jpg
---

{% include youtube-gen.html id='GBd9evmgadg' %}

## Background

In July of 2017, a representative from Sound Intone reached out and asked me to
review their P6 headphones. The resulting 7 and a half minute video was made and
put together in a week of work: shot in 4K on the Sony RX10 II, edited and color
graded in Premiere Pro, and with motion graphics done on After Effects. This
case study showcases the process behind the video, which you can see above.

## Gallery

### Motion Graphics

The P6 review video made extensive use of motion graphics. Used together with
different types of footage, these graphics divided the video into sections,
established branding, and conveyed product review scores.

All motion graphics were made from scratch in After Effects.

{% include slider-gen.html data=page.mograph-slider %}

*****

### Cinematography

{% include slider-gen.html data=page.cine-slider %}

*****

### Color Grading

Most footage was originally shot in SLog-2, resulting in maximum dynamic range,
but a flat and desaturated out of camera image.

All footage was color corrected and graded in Premiere Pro to adjust white
balance and exposure to be consistent as well as maximize the color and contrast
of the image.

{% include slider-gen.html data=page.color-slider %}

*****

## Conclusion

My P6 review is the most recent of several product review videos I have done.
These videos were entirely self-motivated and allowed me to explore and develop
my cinematography and editing skills outside of larger projects. In the making
of my P6 review I refined my color grading, motion graphics, and editing
workflows, and while there are still flaws I’m working on addressing, I’m
overall very proud of the end result.
